Hey people, who's talking to you?
from are welcome to come
a personal video and in today's video
let's talk about that young but behold
did you see in the title of the video gta5 is?
confirmed for pc xbox the year and
playstation 4 personal was not made
Yesterday at e3 and today our
special and three cents comment several
things about three let's talk about the
microsoft assole electronic arts ubisoft
Nintendo on game releases
about the kit I hope 15 what more people
Everything is going to be an all day wait.
maybe up to two albums of this special and
3 but you can not begin but
of the confirmation of gta young circus not
I'm talking about beats you knew you
posted video since February yes since
February talking about it and here
we are young and logical news
They changed over time or actually is
that we had information back there
of the first is that now in the month of June
between June and July will launch the game and
was actually announced between June and
July is the first video made in
February the information was very cold
it is still very recent launched however
that is already killing the foot is the turnip and
yesterday I put on twitter mom dyná
because we on the samba staff
before the time so it's only reason to
people celebrate in the galera she was very
The fuck was very strong the moment yesterday.
hour spent in the middle of the presentation
in some companies where they are
launch the few games that are not at home
just announced gta 5 for the new generation
they take moments in the companies
highly anticipated and put their games there
this adds to the company that put
then add to sony and add also
the public to post however a
Fine advantage for searches
and then the action was in the middle
She stopped when she began to cheer with
a deadly world title kombat was
so that's where you put that hand training
director has already spoken for 15 years that
Did not say anything, did not say much about
They are already started.
filming is the animals in that part
silversea
the game so the day raising the head and
shark swirling I've already started to go
although that the training already started to jump
old
There passed the tractor zeu filmed Trevor I
already was hugging good galvão there
screaming is tetra is nóis é peixe 14
epc
It was a very cool night, shall we say so?
It's turning already it's midnight.
shouting and scared dubai fires was
I picked up but it was cool, it was cool because
was really a long-awaited ad
I did not expect much and so with laio gta5
for pc xbox and playstation frame and by
young people because those who expected to see
you expect to improve pc to
see if a practical frame rate and let
in the description, I'll tell you mine
humble opinion i think its good
first of all by the way may have already
graphical improvement is're sure the game
will be remastered to 1080p
is what was promised by rockstar and
rockstar of the kind that promises and
meets
then he was promised remastered to
1080p
which even if it does not have large
improvements will already give a
look a much better look the game
which I particularly think it already has
stunning graphics then so
put military pm she will get one
little older has a little secret
always a square shadow a deal
strange this probably will not
have no improvement in texture either
needs improvement but he does not
improve the texture they will improve
finally graphically I think I will not
achieve will not see an improvement of
with the absurd but will rather improve the
graphics are already we can be happy
with that and I also think what I
I hope it's more MPS is a city more
crowded is a more troubled transit
more people but a wo kassab
unfortunately the console can not handle much
We have people, we even had a preview of the
enrolled five crowded squares
so I think the trend is that by
For example, the central region
more people will have a lot of training
best
agent saw little business deal right
game is just the same ad for the new
generation is but still knows how good it is
missing me yet designed the 50 people
You know you 're not missing, you should be
single player
we know it's missing is stealing
bank I think that everything you
will be released now
the launch to gt so to the new
generation is the fall of this year ie from
September to December I think it 's a
good date maybe it's a birthday
a year of play but when they go
work well on top of that there maybe
apa December we can also
being is a break in the updates is not
Guys, I think it's going to be a good idea.
from updates until you launch this
version was confirmed by the new generation
And man, that's what you've broken.
records will skyrocket sales shoot
will dominate the best selling game of the
school but will break all business
entertainment the numbers because they
I was breaking everything now in
legislation is going to be a waste of
overwhelmingly the trailer you can see the
trailer and the confirmation you can see
on the rockstar channel I'll leave the link
in the description all channels annotated
simultaneously with the conference of the
sony will release this video because in
true as you see at the sony conference
will only announce Playstation 4 and 6 3 but there
official communication channels of the
rockstar also announced for pc and
xbox one is an interesting thing is that
We will be able to take our
playstation 3 character for the
playstation 4 has not yet been announced yet
synthetic substances on the box
year and nothing about whether it will have a bearing on
pc I think from sony to the pc will be
difficult because it does not make sense for
sony boot a player from your console
and put Stephano perfect so I I
I find it particularly difficult, but there
goes from rockstar to the then we do not have
how to know very well how it goes
get this situation it is able to speak
of this character size or not
I just know that we can get very
happy with this gt so the folks go
being fucking is going to be a mother already knew né vunda
sign your shirt I knew staff
Good, this is how you are going to have that first
video in special session and tereza
comments on all matters and has a lot
video and I'm very excited and 3 was
very cool and I 'm sure you guys
also attended likes you too
so come on let's go on top of them
because it's a lot of cool I just wanted
thank the support of all of you had
Come here if you like I know
You liked it, not everyone liked it .
help your favorite Julia
subscribe to the channel for much more
content and the other thing but it was not the
that I said I forgot to talk
to stop 5 for pc
I hope the moods are that of a movie.
Funny the staff says they're just going
buy the clean suits and then
that the tre will become the spider man and I
I do not doubt even I do not know let's see
some nice ways too present
it did so and beyond any improvement
graphical edinho've talked I think the
banks have much to add
so begins the series so we
You see here on the channel, I think the guy
It's going to be fucking come soon teak password
folks
thank you video excerpt here I
I hope you do not next with Brazil.
of the rascal
Until then and already read